Name: Garvit Bhardwaj
Current Job: Software Engineer @ Tejas Networks
Location: Ghaziabad, Uttar Pradesh, India
Company: Software Engineer @ Tejas Networks
Position: Software Engineer - R&D
Time: 

About:
I am passionate about trying and learning new things , right now I am working on building my skills.

Name: Saumya Gupta
Current Job: Building OneBanc | Software Engineer Intern @Yubi | Freelance Content Creator |Student Ambassador @BML Munjal University | Placecomm @BML Munjal University | Summer Intern @Coding Blocks
Location: Gurugram, Haryana, India
Company: Building OneBanc | Software Engineer Intern @Yubi | Freelance Content Creator |Student Ambassador @BML Munjal University | Placecomm @BML Munjal University | Summer Intern @Coding Blocks
Position: Prompt Engineering for ChatGPT
Time: 

About:
Looking for a versatile and innovative software engineer with a passion for problem-solving and a drive for improvement? Look no further than my LinkedIn profile! As a BTech in Computer Science student, I have a deep understanding of computer science principles and the technical skills to back it up. I am proficient in several programming languages, including Java, Python, JavaScript, and Ruby on Rails, as well as HTML, ReactJS, and NodeJS.

In addition to my technical skills, I possess several general business skills that make me an excellent team player, content writer, and digital content creator. I am a persistent problem-solver with an inquisitive nature, and I am always looking for ways to drive improvements and innovate. My communication skills, including copywriting and copyediting, are second to none, and I have a proven track record of success in team-based environments.

With experience as a software engineer intern at Yubi Chennai and a web development intern at Coding Blocks WFH, I have hands-on experience with several technologies, including AWS, Postman, JIRA, and Git. I have also founded my own web platform, DoEarn Varanasi, where I helped 50+ students earn their pocket money while studying.

My technical skills are further demonstrated through several projects, including building a decentralized web application using Ethereum Blockchain, a web application for music lovers, a cryptocurrency web application, and a web application that helps users generate their own memes. I have also completed several useful courses, including operating systems, database and management systems, and software engineering.

As the lead developer of Blitz-Scale, an internal product of Yubi Chennai, I built software that enables single-click integration and focuses on reducing developer efforts to zero by automating the entire configuration generation for each API. I have a proven ability to work independently and with teams, and I have a strong track record of success in software engineering.

If you're looking for a talented and motivated software engineer with a deep understanding of computer science and a range of technical and general business skills, I invite you to explore my LinkedIn profile today.

Looking forward to opportunities like Software Engineer and Product Analyst to learn something new and exciting..!
Let's have a quick brainstorming discuss if you have something exciting to share!!!

Name: Joe George
Current Job: Practice Head, Power Programmers and Digital Specialists, Strategic Technology Group at Infosys
Location: Bengaluru, Karnataka, India
Company: Practice Head, Power Programmers and Digital Specialists, Strategic Technology Group at Infosys
Position: Technical Delivery Manager, Strategic Technology Group
Time: 

About:
Senior member of the Power Programmer segment at Strategic Technologic Group. The group focuses on delivering complex programs for Clients like Apple, Microsoft, etc.

Experience in Technology Transformation, Application Re-engineering & Rationalization, Delivery Excellence and Financial Planning. Managed business critical transformation programs and strategic product development programs end to end, on schedule and within budget while delivering value to business. Built successful teams providing strategic direction and thought leadership and brought in a culture of continuous improvement and innovation.

Experienced in translating the business imperatives of clients, building trusted relationships at senior executive levels and guiding them. Managed large sourcing deals end to end. Managed multiyear outsourced portfolios improving delivery and service levels while reducing costs.

Name: Neelam Rana
Current Job: Talent Acquisition Specialist
Location: Greater Indore Area
Company: Talent Acquisition Specialist
Position: Executive-Corporate Recruiter
Time: 

About:
As a recruiter,my relationships with people are my passion. I value my ability to help job seekers and hiring managers to achieve their goals. Since I’ve always been a people person, you could say I’m living my own dream of doing what I love—helping others. Outside of work, you can find me traveling the world, always meeting new people.

Name: Khyati Goyal
Current Job: Product Manager at Snapdeal | Ex-JustDial | NMIMS
Location: Gurugram, Haryana, India
Company: Product Manager at Snapdeal | Ex-JustDial | NMIMS
Position: Product Manager 1
Time: 

About:
I'm currently working as Product Manager 1 in Snapdeal. I've done my MBA from NMIMS Mumbai, with a specialisation in Marketing. Have also done my Btech from NMIMS Mumbai with specialization in Computer Science.

